

## Q11. The final portion of the midterm is to complete a Rock, Paper, Scissors command-line game in Java. Please closely follow the following directions and push your code to the appropriate branch when directed to. 

1.  <b>a.<b> Create a new Java project with IntelliJ
    <br /><b>b.</b> Name it RPS_game

2.  <br /><b>a</b>. Create three Java classes: Rock, Paper, Scissors. You should now have 4 classes including a Main class.
    <br /><b>b.</b> Create three local branches: Rock, Paper, Scissors
    <br /><b>c.</b> Then push each local branch to your remote repository. You should now have four branches in your remote repo (master, Rock, Paper, Scissors)
    <br /><b>d.</b> Merge the master branch with any of the other remote branches so that your master is up to date and identical to the other branches

3. Add the appropriate code to each respective RPS class like so:

```java
public class Scissors {

    String cpuAnswer;


    public Scissors(int choice) {
        switch (choice) {
            case 1:
                cpuAnswer = "rock";
                break;
            case 2:
                cpuAnswer = "paper";
                break;
            case 3:
                cpuAnswer = "scissors";
                break;
            default:
                System.out.println("Invalid choice");
        }
    }

    public int checkOutcome() {
        if(cpuAnswer.equals("paper")){
            return 1;
        } else {
            return 0;
        }
    }
}
```
<b>b.</b> When adding the code to each class, checkout to the appropriate branch (Rock, Paper, or Scissors branch) then commit and push to the remote branch when you're finished updating each class. 
 <br /><b>c.</b> After each class is updated and pushed to their respective branch, merge each one to master via Pull Requests (they do not need to be reviewed).
 <br /><b>d.</b> In your local project checkout to the local master class and pull from origin master to get the latest code from the remote repo.

4.  <br /><b>a.</b> Git checkout and create a game branch.
    <br /><b>b.</b> Create a Game class with the following code: 

```java 
public class Game {

    public int startGame(){
        Scanner scanner = new Scanner(System.in);

        //start game

        //create a variable to hold the user reponse using the Scanner object. The response needs to be an integer between 1-3 (1 = Rock, 2 = Paper, 3 = Scissors)
       
        // create a variable to hold the cpu response generated by the getCPUResponse() method.

        //compare user and cpu response with each other to decide the winner.

    }

    public int getCPUResponse(){
        // Generate random integers in range 1 to 3
    }
}

```
<b>c.</b> Complete the rest of the Game class using the given comments as direction. DO NOT change the class or method signatures provided.

5. <br /><b>a.</b> In your Main class, specifically in your static main method, create an instance of your Game Object then invoke the startGame() method to start the Rock Paper Scissors game!
     <br /><b>b.</b> Test that your solution works by playing a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors, and if it works like the classic version then you've completed your program.
     <br /><b>c.</b> Commit and push your finished code to the remote game branch then make a PR so that your remote master branch has all of the code from your remote game branch.
    <br /><b>d.</b> Submit the link to your repo on the Midterm Assesment form when compelte

6. <b>BONUS POINTS:</b> Bonus points will be given to those who do the following 
  <br /><b>a.</b> Do not make any of the classes, methods or variables static except for the static main method in your Main class.
  <br /><b>b.</b> Beautify the command line app by formatting strings and adding welcome messages and properly printing out the results in a succint, and user friendly manner
  <br /><b>c.</b> Add multiple rounds to the game with a winner announced at the end.



